good morning fol how are
you give me a second
here make sure
everything's going as it should
checking an
audio all right so I'm not sure if it's
good for you but it seems like it's
really good on my end
today all right real quick
all righty
so we have a lower gap
opening that has just uh
filled right
here I'm going to check Twitter real
quick or X as they call it
today if you guys can be so kind to let
me know if you can hear me as well as I
I believe my audio is on my
in just give me a 5x5 on Twitter just
tweet that to me I'll know everything's
good if you can't hear it well let me
know that as well I don't
know because it sounds like it's really
really nice on my
end thank you Jude
thank you Abby thank you Michael thank
you
Richard Yi TT trades thank you so much
all right so anyway let's get back to it
the
uh the market had a rather small gap
opening it's less than 40 handles or so
so again that's usually not all that
exciting doesn't mean you can't use it
it just means it's not all that
exciting my interest still lies with
sticking with the higher time frame
because it's an election year and
because of that uh I feel like they keep
trying to inflate it to make it look
like as a public perspective is if the
stock market's up the economy is good
that's doesn't correlate really but uh I
like this uh August
22nd daily High
and we have some smooth highs
here that we'll look
at they left those intact last
[Music]
night that's these over here see that so
all this business here I think is in
need of revisiting so that's that's
that's what I'm looking for today until
proven you know wrong that's what I'm
looking
[Music]
for okay no fair value Gap has form yet
in the
first few minutes of trading you can't
count this
one that's the 9:30
candle and you probably noticed all this
over
here this is all pre
session setups and this this gray box
here that's
yesterday's first presented Fair B yeah
so don't be confused don't think that
that's today's because it's not it's
yesterday's
[Music]
now if you're
aggressive and you are okay with and
comfortable with trading the less than
one minute
charts and you have a
bias you can use the first presented
fair value Gap that's outside of the 930
one minute
candle youti over here you can't use
that one on the one minute
chart so this Candlestick here here that
starts a 931 candle right there so this
is a fair value Gap so this would be
first presented fair value Gap in the
15sec chart you can see how it behaved
here delivered
to the de opening Gap studies which are
these levels
here I'll leave it to you to determine
what they are based on yesterday's
discussion
had to put you on mute real quick almost
uh sneezed in your
ear rest in peace if uh you would have
been wearing headphones on that one
[Music]
I got a lot of uh feedback from
yesterday days live stream they seem to
like it when it was just me annotating
the chart and not saying
anything that's that's
cool but uh it wasn't that I was saying
that people were complaining about how
much I talk it was the fact that they
were complaining about not being able to
hear me talk and I don't know I haven't
done anything today differently but it
seems like the audio is a whole lot
better
small
little little Gap
there this is your first presented fair
value Gap right here which overlaps new
date opening Gap studies which are these
levels here
and real quick I just want to show you
these are relative equal highs that's
what the 24.75 level is doesn't have to
trade there but that's where my initial
interest is and then how we trade
there if we just go above it and reject
it that sets the stage for a run up into
August 22nd 24 old daily High which
obviously have b side resting above it
but this is just a higher time frame
trying not to pick the top in the
marketplace level so it's kind of like
me submitting to the fact that I'm not
trying to pick the top in NASDAQ so if
it's going to keep going higher what
would it reach for next if it's going to
go above these relative equal
highs August 22nd high would be an
interesting area for
me we've already swep this
here and let's take a quick look at that
little
Wick I apologize I have seasonal
allergies that
uh I can't promise I'm going to be able
to hit the mute button every time I have
to do something like that would it would
annoy me so I I I can sympathize for
people that don't like to hear things
like
that but I'm human so you can see we
went write the consequent encouragement
there
so whenever you're looking at Old highs
it's really important that you're
watching inside of these turning points
wherever there's a
wick go right to the midpoint of that
and know many times you're going to get
Intel that you otherwise wouldn't
notice you also notice that many times
when I'm taking profits on
trades even if I'm looking for a level
like uh 12 I'm sorry 21
1475 as a run for buy side if that has a
wick like that just below that that
would be a partial for me like I would
start scaling out as it's entering into
that mid Gap or mid Wick which is a a
gap and then wait for it to uh offer
opportunity to get about 12 uh
21475 so that's how I use Wix for uh
targeting our
[Music]
partials all right we're down inside the
uh first presented fair value gap of
today you can see a little bit more
clear here on the 15sec chart we just
fell short of it just by a little
bit which is why when you're reaching
for a premium level Something
above always exit ahead of it always try
to scale something out
early inside this Fair G
here Mr bassetti I got your email by the
way glad to see that you're encouraged
[Music]
not that we discard entirely the
9:30 if there is a fair B Gap there it's
just I like to do the first presented
Fair B Gap that's not on the 930
candle for
[Music]
now if it wants to if it wants to go
higher
that first present a fair value
Gap if it's bullish we want to see it
trade into it and treat it as an
inversion fair value Gap otherwise if we
break below this one here this could be
treated
as an inversion fair value Gap to trade
lower but I'm sticking with the
initial a higher time frame I'm not
trying to pick the top uh which is
uh kind of along the lines that uh one
of the ladies the students that are
following Along on this mentorship uh
Kiren follows Christ I think that's who
she goes by um she's very uh uh very
optimistic
about you know some of the things that
she's learning here and she mentioned
how she tries to get the the highest
high and the lowest low like I'm doing
in my executions and that's
unfortunately that's not not what you
should be trying to focus right
now trying to find the trades in between
the high and the low which is kind of
like a silver bullet type
setup sorry I had to cram my
throat as we get closer to Thanksgiving
well not that it will be live streaming
but when we get closer to uh Halloween
in that time of the
year my season around she's kicking
pretty hard
so you'll have to put up with that I
apologize so we're inside of the Fay Gap
over here first present to fair value G
we want to see it maintain its
ability to stay in here and then work
towards this High that's what I would
like to see personally I'm subscribing
to that view I've submitted myself to
that
idea but trying to find setups that are
in
between where you think it's going to go
to the highest degree or to the lowest
degree uh they're generally like super
bow type setups which is why I gave the
idea
to my son Cameron because he he's a
gamer and to keep him from wanting to be
uh perfect or striving to be perfect it
read out the gate um having a setup that
affords him the luxury of just simply
getting in something that's already in
motion as long as you can arrive at the
correct bias of withdraw liquidity it's
most likely going to trade to next
all right so
let's so
that's one of the things that
U kir I'm I'm assuming I'm saying your
name Kirsten uh correctly the
uh you're not alone when you feel that
way you know you want to try to get in
at the lowest low and because it feels
like if you can't do that then Trading
isn't being done correctly and that's
not
true just means that someone that can do
that and most people can't do it there's
a lot of people that are profitable that
never get to that degree they just trade
in the middle of the of the ranges and
they just stick with momentum traits and
there's nothing inherently wrong with
that in fact that's the best way to
start
learning because it removes a lot of the
uh The
Need to Be Right
and that's a thing that uh you as you
mentioned in your comments and you're
not the only one like that either
because everybody feels plagued by that
they want to be right and right is not
essential because you can be wrong and
be profitable
so you can see how we fell short of
reaching into that 2020 I'm sorry 20214
point7 five level traded all the way
back down to the 930 fair value got
we're inside of and now working the top
of the first res fa value G which formed
on the 933 candle
we would want to see if it trades up
Above This High we're want to see an
energetic
speed a lot of uh energy to get through
that candlestick's Wick mid midpoint or
consequent
caching and we want I personally want to
see it just drive right on through to
14.75 like it stole it like I want to
see it just try to run
away because again my interest lies
with that level up here and it's just
again it's just a higher time frame
draw there's nothing saying it needs to
go here it's just it would confirm to me
that you the higher time frame still is
in very much
a by
program and sticking to intraday Longs
will be the the most appropriate if
you're going to trade with the largest
leverage it would be more appropriate to
trade it on that side of the market
versus shorting with the highest
leverage not that you can't make money
shorting it just means that by removing
the
um the likelihood of having an
overleveraged trade on the wrong side of
the marketplace is theoretically less
likely to occur if you if you do it that
way that's my thought process on it
doesn't mean it's 100% just means that's
that's how I go about doing
it all right so we're making relative
equal highs here training back down into
the first ensive fair value
Gap I'm going to remove the new day
opening Gap studies here because
essentially the the information that
they're providing is no different than
what the first present of fair value Gap
is so it keeps the chart a little bit
cleaner got to make sure I wasn't sure
if I took you back off me or took myself
back off
me okay wicking down into consequent
croch just just pass it a little bit
that's all normal
we have this Wick in
here as you're surveying
price every turning point or every
consolidation always try to look for an
efficiencies that means there's a fair B
Gap some kind or a wick if there's a
long drawn out Candlestick Wick to the
bottom of a candle or above a candle's
High always be mindful of that midpoint
it it gives you like a a framework not a
framework like a foothold or a handhold
for price to
use and they're not they're not the very
Strongest Ones kind of like a volume
imbalance the volume imbalance is one
like this the separation between these
two candlesticks bodies right there
that's a volume imbalance uh they're the
weakest now I say that not in a way that
is derogatory it's weakest in terms of
allowing price to move back and forth
through them so I'm more I'm more
flexible with them they can be used as
an entry model for instance we just went
down consequent corro we had this one
here traded back goove and now we went
down into it there it could use that as
a foothold to trade up to the relative
equal highs or it can go lower one more
time and then use this at a later time
it's just how hard are you fixed on your
immediate draw what you're trying to
trade
on I like to use them while I'm in a
trade that is really working well for me
and if they start responding well in
that it gets it gives me a lot of
confidence holding on to the setup
especially if it's a large position um
but they're the they're the least in
terms of rigidness I guess the easiest
way to describe it that way would be um
whereas an order Block it's pretty it's
pretty standard that on a down closed
candle that would be representing a
bullish order block that would be uh
best seen with the opening price down to
the mean threshold which is the middle
of the Candlestick I don't want to see
anybody of another trading candle go
lower than that preferably i' like to
see it just touch the opening price and
then stop right there and start going
higher that's a perfect world that's a
perfect delivery of bullish order block
but for volume imbalances um they can
be very you got to be real flexible with
them and I've seen students that have
because everybody wants to pick their
own specific PD they don't they want to
learn from you but they want to have
their own pathway into what PD they're
going to use it's a fair B Gap here you
just TR down into it's institutional oow
entry Dr right
there the
uh they have their hearts broken
basically because sometimes they expect
the volume and balances to be rigid they
expect them to be uh difficult without
stopping price and if I don't have them
and I'm the author of that concept
employing it in price action if I don't
hold that degree of uh importance over
them why should you so it's not to be
you know discouraging to you about it it
just means that uh you have to have the
expectation that the characteristics
around that specific PD
right you have to be flexibility is is
the key
thing all right so we just bumped the
relative equal highs here and we still
haven't traded to the 20, 21475
level you want to screenshot that by the
way I I was talking about that volume of
balance you can see how it behaved that
way TR down to consequent encouragement
of the first restive fair value that
Trad it back up and back down into that
volume of balance see what the bodies
are that's supports the volume in
Balance the Wicks do the damage it's
fine and red up to the r of equal highs
that could be your setup that could be
your model there's nothing wrong with
that don't think that you have to have
the low of a run or a high of a run and
you're not somehow not smart money or
that you're not doing what I'm teaching
correctly you you are you is looking for
your segment of price action
that mean something to you that you can
see it forming and you trust
it once you get comfortable with it and
you just give yourself the freedom to
get in here and have fun studying you'll
see your setup don't if you're forcing
something like I have to it has to be
this thing U you know it's going to be
hard for
you so by relax in and letting it come
to you you know you you'll do
better I'm just forcing Caleb to use the
fair value G because it's he can see
them he's not correct in picking them
you know accurately all the
time but
uh take this off here
here that was a pression trade this is
the thing that you get messed up about
right ksten you want to get the lows get
off
here for now let's just leave that for
ICT you just worry about the things like
we were just outlining over here the
middle pieces using the first restive
fair value
Gap volume and balance right
there that fair bag up I mentioned to
you as was they trading at the intution
order entry drill which is a partial
entry into the fair value Gap when there
is relative equal highs and a buy side
liquidity also just above it that's just
like a real easy gravy train type setup
easy easy
easy and obviously it's never ever ever
Market
replay so now I want to see if it can
trade
to they're going to be salty today in
the comments
I have to escape at uh 10:30 today
so to make sure that you had some candy
I had
to work with the morning session early
on but as you can see live you can see
I'm painting it for
you so in a in a perfect world
I would like to see it uh not lose
ground and go below this fair value guy
okay so what I'm saying here is these
relative equal highs we're going to take
this off
now okay and this is that
Wick that I had over here on this time
frame that's this
candlestick's premium consequent apprach
the wick right over here
It's a Long Way Around The Barn here
come
on good
grief thought it was a couple doors down
this things like in another
neighborhood here we are um on a FIV
minute chart all these candlesticks here
is a
[Music]
wick that's that one right there
so since we're above it now we don't
need to worry with it clean your chart
off and because we're above those at
that old uh two two 20, 24.75
level are accumulating in here which is
exactly what you want to
see and I was mentioning down I don't
want to see it trade below this so this
would be represented by hopefully a a
breakaway Gap that would lead to a run
above that 24.75 level and then to see
if we can run up into the August 22nd
high and that would make a beautiful
session this morning and I could close
it and go get myself prepared for my
appointment a little bit
earlier but this if you were in a
long uh you would be wanting to take
profits as you're engaging that 22nd
high like that right there would have
been a real nice area to start
distributing some in your long
position and any remaining portion
should have it stopped below
here she should have no reason for it to
go back down there unless it wants to go
lower and taking partials as we're
approaching the target is always Sound
[Music]
Logic so again think about how we were
talking about the the first presented
fair value Gap
when we traded down relaxing not forcing
anything the market traded down into the
930 this is a 15sec chart but it's
[Music]
this that Gap there so when it trade
down there we weren't freaking out we
gave the market the opportunity to show
us what it wants to do our bias well my
bias that I shared with you was the uh
2021478522
did it spend a lot of time inside that
Gap remember what I was teaching the
last few times when we were in live
stream inefficiencies you don't want to
see it staying inside the inefficiency
and you're camping out we don't want it
staying in there making lots of
candlesticks forming inside the
inefficiency because if the Market's
being delivered to that inefficiency
theago is letting price get there for a
moment because smart money should
already be expecting it to trade down
air to on board new long
positions I gave you the
uh process of thinking let it get back
to the first percent of fair value G
trade above it and treat it as what
inversion that's how you would use the
first resed fair value Gap today with
this Market structure I was not
ambiguous about it the only thing I said
was give it a chance because if it fails
here and doesn't go higher then if it
goes lower this will be treated as
inversion fair value Gap and we'll have
to worry about this at a later time but
if it rallies back up to this one it
needs to go above it come back down in
look at the bodies that's the upper per
quadrant of that
inefficiency let's see if it wants to
trade it at August 22nd First where I
start stripping down a little bit more
detail while we're looking to see if
it'll do
it this over here was just simply me
using a one
minute bu B cell sign efficiency and in
close proximity to yesterday's first
presented fair value app so I was
thinking that it was they were using it
here and Retail sees these things like
this as support I want to get in there
as it goes down below and it trades
right
into that little inefficiency there so
that was my entry expecting it to trade
up into perfect scenario would be
trading up to August 22nd high but this
admittedly was where I was looking to uh
to bail and it goes here up to August
22nd high or higher wonderful it's a
moral victory for me it's not something
that to profit on it just means
that I have to have a exit strategy
before that if you don't have an exit
strategy before your ultimate Terminus
or your target uh you're probably going
to fall victim to emotions and lose
sight of what you're trading and that's
a terrible thing terrible thing to see
something that uh would have otherwise
been profitable if you would have been
scaling out while it was moving your
favor as it's getting close to your
Terminus Terminus is where you think It
ultimately goes to like that's your
final Target you'd have everything off
the trade even if you took partials
along the way Terminus would be you have
nothing left of the of the position on
at that point it's a full closure of
whatever is remaining open so my
Terminus for the trade is this because
I'm not holding a hard opinion that it
has to get to this point here today for
me because I have an appointment I have
to meet and I can't guarantee that the
Market's going to move that far in the
short period of time that I'm going
sitting from the charts with you today
so having 20,21
14.75 which is a logical level and if
you look at it on the one minute chart
they're relative equal
[Music]
highs they're right
there so Tuesday's uh
noon
hour there's relative equal High was uh
the level I was looking
for with additional expectation that
August 22nd high would be a likely
draw and when you have a a bias like
that Kirsten um as we are showing here
live as long as you know what the
Market's most likely I'm going to get it
wrong eventually you know I'll sit out
here with you guys and eventually I'll
expect it to go a direction and it won't
do do it I I'm anticipating it happen
Okay because they're not going to let me
just sit out here every day and do it
perfectly that that's trust me that's
not going to
happen so day right day the
uh go old
Phil the
um the return back into this first
perent of fair value Gap I mean I
understand
that that people when they see me
describe this stuff because it's not
something that they can reach over here
and say oh he's just sparring it from
here uh it's not something anywhere
else so when I'm looking at
inefficiencies I'm looking at these
inefficiencies in the broad perspective
of how it's going to be used as a
narrative that's the main thing I want
you to hear in my delivery today is that
number one I'm
absolutely Cal about what I expect to
see I'm not hopped up on goofballs I'm
not scared about being wrong I know what
it's likely to do based on what it's
showing me you know contrast that with
what we were watching live on Monday
where I knew for certain that I was
going to be executing if I did in Seek
and Destroy because we were spending
time in every inefficiency that formed
it just stayed inside of it
consolidating and that is the truest
fashion for you to say okay we're
probably going to be in a unfavorable
Market which could eventually trade to a
Seek and Destroy day where every High
gets taken out every low gets taken out
that's what a Seek and Destroy to day is
okay and there you go boom screenshot
that
so insert Brad Pit
Dancing Yeah I'm lucky again how about
it how about it I'm lucky unlucky it's
your birthday it's your birthday go ICT
go ICT so
anyway it's real hard to argue now folks
it really really is hard to argue I know
some of you heard stories about how I
did this stuff on a daily with the uh
the private mentorship group for years
and it didn't start off that way in the
beginning because I was teaching them
how I was teaching initially in the
beginning of this uh 2024 mentorship
where we're just sitting there and we're
watching the charts just watching price
if you don't have any interest in doing
that you're never going to learn how to
do this well and I I don't know how to
say any better than that and I'm going
to spend about five minutes giving you
an exit monologue and then I'm going to
close the stream okay but it's real
important that you understand that
spending time over the
charts without any demand of what you
think it should do just observing what
what patterns that repeat around certain
times of the day day what do we see what
do we see around the first 30 minutes
what do we see after 10:00 starts um how
is that first presented fair value Gap
that's not formed on the 9:30 candle how
is it
used you may not know where the Market's
likely to draw to in advance you may not
know those things and it's okay that you
don't know them in the beginning because
your repetition of being in front of the
charts hearing me describe what I
think's going to happen I'm lending you
just like I lent it to my private
mentorship students who paid me and I
did this stuff with a high 90% accuracy
every single day you're all getting
experience of that right now you're
seeing it and it won't happen for you
where you're that accurate all the time
for a while I don't know how long it's
going to take for you some of you that
send comments to me and you're asking
very
sincerely how long do you think it'll
take me to learn how to do this I need
to make money I'm in dire straits well
you have to you have to fix that mindset
because I can't guarantee that you're
going to be profitable and any Mentor
that says that they shouldn't you
shouldn't pay any mind to them leave
them I'm trying to be as responsible as
I can as a Christian as a human being as
a man as a teacher as a mentor I can't
promise you that that you're going to be
profitable because you can still mess it
up I could be in front of you today
calling every single thing like I did
here and you do something incorrectly in
your own hands and and lose
money I've watched that happen I've
watched people do things that were not
equipped because they either over
overleveraged or it started moving in
their favor but then they put a stop
loss in too tight and they get stopped
out and then they go back in trying to
do something immediately overleveraging
and then stopped out again and now
they're in a losing day but they're
watching me call the Market live and
they see it trading to the targets
that's very frustrating for me so I I
can't I can't hold your hands back and I
can't try to uh convit you any more than
I do already you just have to give
yourself the patience develop that
patience of you'll see it work trust me
if you spend enough time in the CH
studying and looking for it once you see
it you can't unsee it you can't you
can't diminish it you can't dis you
can't dis discount it
but it's a hard place to get to
initially because invar especially with
my personality and what people's
opinions are about
me I'm labeled a fraud I'm labeled this
I'm labeled that and it's amazing
how these individuals that say that
they're not paying attention to what's
being shown here live like they don't
they don't see
it because that's so prevailing in the
community the trading Community around
me I'm polar izing you're already
wrestling with it's probably not going
to work and you're looking for anything
to be able to justify why why you should
not spend any time doing
it for some of you that's going to be a
very hard thing to get through but I
promise you this if you dig your heels
down and you're not swiping a credit
card to to watch me do this and I'm not
forcing you to come back to my live
streams you can watch it whenever you
want to watch it but you're watching it
live and you see it so that should be an
encouragement to you because I can
promise you this I am not a mental giant
okay I I'm not a genius I'm not
something above and beyond what any of
you that are
watching can do if you can see these
candlesticks you have vision and you
know what time it is and you can
recognize the fair value Gap you can see
relative equal highs and where daily
highs and lows are you can do everything
I did
today everything I did today is within
your graph
anyone that tells you you can't or that
it's nonsense or it's contrived they
have a really hard argument to to to
make when you see it being done
consistently like it's it's to me I
would be very encouraged if I could have
watched someone do this for free and
then say hey look keep keep coming back
and you're going to learn how to do this
too by
repetition
so in a quick uh
little summary
[Music]
here the initial
run that is not a Jud
swing it's just simply it's trying to
get somewhere and it was going to go to
that
24.75 level because it's they're smooth
highs they left them in place yesterday
and then this Gap while it's not
considered the first presented fair
value Gap by definition it is a fair B
Gap so you have to look at it and
consider it but this is the first of
fair Val Gap so what's the difference
first presented fair value Gap is going
to be utilized for a signal or a setup
that my son will use so this is this is
where Caleb takes his
trade later on when he gets better at
looking at in you information in price
action he may take this long here and
then add to it here
but his father is telling him this is
how you're going to use it if it's down
here okay it was in hurry to get down
there that means it repriced there so it
offered the sell side in that little
area it did not spend a lot of time in
these are one minute candles so it went
down one more candle and then on the
third candle it's leaving it's Elvis has
left the
building and while we're down here I
said we want to see if it's going to be
bullish it's going to trade up to the
first Fair got trade above it and come
back down in is that not what the chart
shows here did you watch it live in your
own data feed did you see that happen
there did I have
somehow gained control over the CME and
the data that way I can manipulate the
price that goes into everybody's
computers and screens all around the
world everybody sees the same thing I
have the ability to do that like Dr
Xavier or Professor Xavier I have I can
cereo there and calls everybody think
they see the same thing some of you guys
give me uh too much credit so looking at
that little inefficiency
[Music]
there I'll say this and then we're
done it says candle
High candles Low by the way I was
noticing that the likes on the live
streams they're really uh they're really
low I'm not sure if I'm entertaining you
guys or not if you're if you're not
learning something I certainly uh don't
want to waste your time
but if you're finding it valuable one of
the biggest things you can do to
encourage me is to give it a thumbs up
it doesn't give me any more money uh it
it's not a necessity because I'm going
to still do it if nobody puts a thumbs
up because I'm teaching it to my son but
I like to see that feedback because I
take that as I saw that live I saw it
live that's what I think uh that thumb
up should be like that's you saying I
was a witness I saw it I was here live
doesn't mean that everybody's going to
do it because you some people just don't
want to do it but here's the lower
quadrant of that inefficiency here look
at that isn't that beautiful it spikes
down with its Wick leaves
what this drop back down in leaves the
lower portion
untouched yes we traded to it here yes
we traded up through the lower quadrant
through here but what I said was when we
were down here it needs to trade up
through it and go above it and come back
down into it so when it's diving down
into it you got to look at that this is
the first time it's using it as what
inversion so it's going to do what in a
perfect world leave the lower half
untouched well it trades down to the
lower quadrant but it leaves the lowest
portion open that's exactly what you're
looking for for inversion fair value
this is the signature that the algorithm
is absolutely going to send it higher
there's not it's no ambiguous uh you
know confliction uh uh there's no uh
arguing about it it it is absolutely
telling you that that's exactly what you
expect and then the bodies stay where in
the upper half from that red level here
up to the top other words at
2,179 to
18475 the bodies are perfect if they're
inside that range which is the upper
half of that orange box that's
represented by this candlestick's low
and this candlestick's
high and then we use the upper quadrant
level too too and then sends it
like I love that you guys can see
it what irritates me is people that try
to you know they lie and they say this
is found somewhere else or I copied it
from this one and that one my question
is can you please show us please without
any any uh confusion about it show us
what book what page number what author
what teacher was doing all this stuff
before
1996 I promise you you're not going to
find it I promise you and instead of
doing all that drama
stuff just pull up a chair grab some
note taking instruments and just join us
you can do it anonymously you don't have
to say that you're learning from me but
I promise you if you spend time with me
you're going to learn things that you
never would have learned you'll be able
to see price action better than anyone
else is going to teach you you'll be
able to be calm about it you'll be
comfortable you won't be antsy your
heart won't be racing you won't have an
xiety attacks and heart palpitations and
it makes it fun it's almost like
meditation because you know what it's
likely to
do and when you see it over and over and
over again for
decades for
decades it's just like anything else
it's it's like anything else that you
get good at it's a hobby or a Pastime
that you do at home you know it well and
these things that I'm teaching are
something that you absolutely can learn
how to do and once you learn them
they're like riding a bike as long as
you keep your mental faculties to
yourself and your health is good and
you're not distracting yourself with
high high pulsing music and U you things
that coming out of your room when you're
studying have a an area where you're
studying with no distractions no one's
going hey can you can you help me with
this or Daddy can you do this or Mommy
can you do that afford yourself some
time because how you invest in your
study time doing this is going to have
yield huge dividends but if you're doing
it
half-heartedly or if you're doing it
when you're distracted or tired if
you're fatigued you're not you're not
doing it right and that might mean that
you can only study a few times a week
not every day and there's nothing wrong
with that there's absolutely nothing
wrong with that it's about the quality
not the quantity of your study how well
are you studying how well are you
annotating your charts how well are you
keeping your Journal because if you're
doing it rushed if you're trying to just
Breeze right through it you're not going
to get the result you're looking for and
you're going to be frustrated and that's
the last thing I want to see any of you
do because I promise you if I didn't
believe that you could learn how to do
this if I couldn't do this I wouldn't be
out here dealing it live in front of you
I'd be afraid I'd be hiding somewhere
I'd be off of Twitter I'd be off of
social media hiding under a rock
somewhere and you don't see that do you
because I want to see you do well things
are about to get really hard and if you
can start making a little bit extra
money by doing this I'm not saying that
you will but if you can imagine the the
ease the the the weight off your
shoulders and that would bring me such a
wonderful piece of Mind knowing that if
you took the time to reach out to me and
say I'm so thankful I've invested the
time learning what you showed because
now I'm able to do this when
everything's so hard thank you that's
what I'm looking forward to I want to
see those testimonies I want that not I
went out and bought a Lamborghini not
that I went out and bought a you know
toy I that's not what I that's not what
I'm doing this for so I had fun today uh
real short and sweet uh I have an
appointment if I don't get off here I
will not make it so um study obviously
and uh we'll be back at it again
tomorrow same time same ICT
Channel Lord willing until then be safe